---
title: Examples
sidebar_position: 1
---

The examples provided here serve to illustrate how organizations across
different sectors and business models can benefit from employing Hypotheses
Briefs as a foundational tool for innovation and market assessment. Whether it's
a B2C product company or a service-oriented firm, the process of crafting,
testing, and validating business hypotheses remains a crucial exercise for
grounded and strategic development.

[AirShare](examples/airshare), an Airbnb-like company, operates in the consumer space,
aiming to disrupt traditional lodging options by connecting homeowners with
travelers seeking unique and localized experiences. This direct-to-consumer
approach requires a deep understanding of user behavior, preferences, and
expectations, making the hypotheses briefs exercise particularly vital in
identifying and responding to market needs. For AirShare, exploring hypotheses
around user engagement, platform functionalities, and market scalability helps
to proactively shape their service with customer-centricity at its core.

On the other hand, [Foosoft's](examples/foosoft) is a professional service company. Its
expertise lies in providing bespoke software solutions to clients, navigating
the complexities inherent to service delivery, and ensuring customer
satisfaction. Here, Hypotheses Briefs are instrumental in defining value
propositions, determining service capabilities, and aligning project outcomes
with client objectives. Foosoft employs these briefs to validate their
approaches to system architecture, data engineering, and client collaboration
models—building a reputation for delivering impactful and technologically
advanced solutions.

Both AirShare and Foosoft, despite their distinct market orientations, utilize
Hypotheses Briefs to navigate uncertainty, prioritize resource allocation, and
establish clear pathways for growth. These examples showcase the versatility of
the hypotheses validation process and underscore its relevance not only as a
practice for startups but for any business embarking on new ventures or
innovations.

## AirShare

AirShare is an ambitious startup, embarking on a journey to shake up the
traditional hospitality industry with an airbnb-like service, enabling
homeowners to rent out their spaces to travelers. From the very beginning,
AirShare's hypotheses briefs have been centered around validating the demand for
a peer-to-peer lodging platform - a place where guests can find unique
accommodations and hosts can monetize their unused spaces. To test its
assumptions, AirShare has been engaging with potential users through surveys and
initial beta testing, aiming to refine its understanding of what both hosts and
guests are seeking in such a service.

As these briefs get iterated upon, AirShare is looking to confirm key factors
such as the desired level of host-guest interaction, the types of properties in
demand, and the necessary features to ensure safety and reliability. AirShare
envisages a process of rapid prototyping followed by feedback cycles that will
inform the final service design. Strategies are being hypothesized for balancing
growth with community building — incentivizing early adopters through
competitive pricing while nurturing a culture of trust through robust review
systems.

As AirShare develops its platform, it will closely monitor which hypotheses
stand firm and which need re-evaluation. The team plans to validate the market
fit through a series of MVP (Minimum Viable Product) releases, each designed to
provide new insights into user behavior and preferences. By carefully testing
each iteration, they aim to pinpoint the exact blend of features and services
that resonate with their user base, ensuring AirShare's service is not just
visionary, but truly aligned with the needs of the market.

## Foosoft

Founded in early 2007, Foosoft stands at the forefront of custom software
development and systems engineering. Headquartered in Chicago, the company's
mission has been to deliver impactful software solutions to its clients. As
Foosoft prepares its hypotheses briefs, the focus is on identifying and
validating the most crucial business problems that its services can address.
Through collaborative workshops and stakeholder interviews, Foosoft is
determining the technical and business challenges prospective clients face and
how best the company's services can tackle these issues.

Foosoft plans to validate its service hypotheses by engaging in pilot projects,
leveraging the feedback from these initial engagements to continually adapt and
refine its service offerings. They are employing methodologies that were
prevalent and trusted at the time, like Scrum for agile development and Vagrant
for creating replicable development environments, simulating the benefits of
containerization that would become popularized through platforms like Docker in
later years. Foosoft is also closely observing emerging trends in the industry
to iteratively introduce new technologies into its practices, ensuring that the
company remains at the cutting edge.

In preparing its service and business models, Foosoft is hypothesizing not only
the technical execution but also the client's journey – from onboarding to
ongoing support. The company is crafting tailored engagement models that align
with client expectations and project demands. By conducting structured feedback
sessions post-delivery, Foosoft ensures a loop of continuous improvement —
making data-driven decisions to inform future service developments and client
engagements. The firm understands the power of validation; therefore, each
project milestone serves as a checkpoint for testing their initial assumptions,
shaping Foosoft's trajectory as a leading software consultancy.
