---
title: Distribution & Pricing
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Distribution and Pricing Hypotheses

Foosoft leverages a professional service model to engage with clients directly,
offering software development and consultancy services primarily via corporate
sales and partnership channels. By tailoring our pricing models to the needs of
our diverse clientele, we ensure alignment with client objectives, maximize
value delivery, and establish a foundation for long-term relationships.

## Pricing Models

Recognizing that pricing is not one-size-fits-all, we are exploring a range of
pricing model options to cater to the diverse needs and preferences of our
customers. Initially, we will offer a selection of models, including day rates,
weekly team pricing, retained services, and value-based pricing. As we gain
insight into what resonates best with our clients and what aligns with our
operational strengths, we anticipate consolidating our offerings to focus on the
two models that best balance client satisfaction with Foosoft's business goals.

### Day Rate Pricing

This model charges clients based on the number of days dedicated to their
project. It's a straightforward approach appealing to clients with well-defined
scopes that require a specialist for a set duration.

**Strengths:** Simplicity, ease of understanding, and direct correlation to the
time invested.

**Weaknesses:** Can be seen as rewarding time over efficiency, less flexibility
for scope changes.

### Weekly Team Pricing

Clients are charged a fixed rate for a team's weekly engagement. Ideal for
projects with clear milestones and a reasonable expectation of the time required
for each phase.

**Strengths:** Encourages a collaborative approach and ensures a dedicated team
focus on the client's project, leading to consistent progress.

**Weaknesses:** Can become costly if the project overruns or if the weekly
engagement isnâ€™t fully utilized by the client.

### Retained Services

Clients pay a recurring fee for ongoing services, maintenance, and support,
offering them predictable costs and guaranteed resource availability.

**Strengths:** Provides clients with assurance of availability and enables
Foosoft to forecast revenue and allocate resources efficiently.

**Weaknesses:** May not suit clients with fluctuating demands or those seeking
one-off projects.

### Value-Based Pricing

Pricing based on the value delivered to the client, particularly suitable for
transformative projects that significantly impact a client's operations.

**Strengths:** Aligns Foosoft's incentives with client success, can be highly
lucrative for projects delivering substantial business value.

**Weaknesses:** Challenges in quantifying value upfront and requires a high
degree of trust and understanding between Foosoft and the client.

## Creating Customer Demand

Demand for Foosoft's services will grow by demonstrating expertise and success
cases via digital marketing, industry events, webinars, and thought leadership
content. Establishing trust through transparency and client testimonials will be
crucial to attracting and engaging new clients.

## How Customers Hear About Us

Foosoft will be present at tech conferences and meetups, contribute to leading
industry publications, and maintain an active presence on professional
networking sites like LinkedIn, where potential clients seek insights and
partners. Over time, we anticipate that one of our primary channels of new
customers will be through word-of-mouth referrals. This means that we must
invest in developing and maintaining a strong reputation within our industry.

## Influencers

In the tech industry, influencers include successful CTOs, seasoned developers
who share their expertise online, and reputable tech firms that provide
guidance. They can aid in validating Foosoft's methodologies and can serve as
informal advisors.

## Adoption of Pricing Models

1. Early-stage startups or companies facing technological transformations may
   prefer the flexibility of day rate or weekly team pricing, allowing them to
   navigate uncertain project scopes.
1. Mature organizations with continuous development needs may opt for retainer
   models, providing stability for both the client and Foosoft.
1. Enterprises embarking on significant strategic projects could engage Foosoft
   on a value-based pricing model, sharing the risks and rewards of large-scale
   digital initiatives.

## Price Sensitivity

Foosoft will balance competitive pricing with the need to position as a premium
service provider, understanding that clients investing in top-tier expertise
expect both quality and value. Pricing strategies will remain adaptive,
reflecting the maturation of client relationships and the complexity of services
provided.
