# Hypotheses Briefs

Welcome to [Spantree's](https://spantree.net) guide to Hypotheses Briefs.
Drawing from Steve Blank's pivotal [The Four Steps to the
Epiphany](http://www.amazon.com/Four-Steps-Epiphany-Successful-Strategies/dp/0976470705),
Hypotheses Briefs serve as the first brushstrokes on a canvas – vital for
envisioning the full picture before delving into the details of company or
product development. They resonate with our core value of "solving hard problems
scientifically." By approaching business challenges with the rigor of the
scientific method, this guide aims to equip teams with the ability to make
substantiated, data-driven decisions.

## Embracing the Scientific Approach in Business

At Spantree, we believe that the scientific method isn't just for labs; it's a
powerful framework for all sorts of innovation. Whether developing new products,
providing services, or optimizing operations, crafting Hypotheses Briefs allows
teams to propose, test, and refine ideas systematically. Validation through
real-world feedback is not just a step; it's the path to genuine insights.

## Criteria for Crafting Hypotheses Briefs

Hypotheses Briefs start with a hypothesis, much like a scientific experiment.
What does your organization believe is true about the product or service? These
briefs channel that hypothesis through a process of testing and learning which
features click, which benefits resonate, and what unique value propositions can
separate you from the crowd.

## The Art and Science of Pricing and Delivery

The briefs probe deeper than just product-market fit; they also consider how a
product or service is delivered and priced. Understanding the cost not only in
monetary terms but also in terms of customer effort and adaptation is vital.
This ensures that solutions are accessible, desirable, and viable.

## Market and Competitive Landcape

Moreover, these briefs encourage a forward-thinking analysis of market dynamics
and an acute awareness of market you're entering. Assessing how a novel offering
stacks up against direct or indirect competitors also teaches the fine skill of
predictive adjustments based on market responses.

## Solving for Everyone

As a guiding principle, Hypotheses Briefs are accessible for all types of
businesses – be it a company seeking to create the [next home-sharing
revolution](examples/airshare) or a services firm aiming to [craft
bespoke software](examples/foosoft) that propels other
businesses forward.

In a spirit of knowledge sharing, this guide intends to be a trove of strategies
and actionable steps for any organization to apply, broadening the impact of the
scientific approach to solving hard problems across the business landscape.
