---
title: Introduction
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Hypotheses Briefs

These exercises are adapted from Steve Blank's seminal work, [The Four Steps to
the
Epiphany](http://www.amazon.com/Four-Steps-Epiphany-Successful-Strategies/dp/0976470705).
Steve Blank, often considered one of the key thought leaders in entrepreneurial
innovation, has significantly contributed to the conceptual framework of the
Lean Startup methodology. His extensive experience as a founder and investor has
shaped modern approaches to building successful startups.

The **Hypotheses Briefs** are an integral component of the Customer Discovery
phase, which Blank posits as the first step in his Customer Development model.
This model has become a cornerstone for Lean Startups, which emphasizes the
importance of agility and user feedback in developing products that meet market
needs. The approach encourages entrepreneurs to validate their business
assumptions through rigorous testing, iteration, and pivoting when necessary.

## Role of Hypotheses Briefs

The creation of hypotheses briefs is fundamentally tied to the Lean Startup's
principles, predominantly the Build-Measure-Learn feedback loop. By documenting
initial assumptions, startup teams begin a process of exploration that
ultimately aims to answer the critical question: "Should this product be built?"
More importantly, it helps them discern whether their solution effectively
addresses real customer problems and aligns with their needs.

### Product Validation

Hypotheses briefs align closely with product validation practices. Once the
hypotheses are defined, they can be further refined and tested through exercises
like [design sprints](http://www.gv.com/sprint/) — a five-day process for
answering critical business questions through designing, prototyping, and
testing ideas with customers. These sprints leverage hypotheses briefs to focus
the team’s efforts and form a clear testable pathway for the week's activities.

### Market Validation

The hypotheses briefs' importance cannot be overstated. They are an essential
roadmap guiding entrepreneurs through the uncertain journey of bringing a new
product to market. They encourage disciplined experimentation and a
customer-centric development process that has been widely acclaimed for its
effectiveness in minimizing waste and optimizing product-market fit.

### Feedback Mechanisms

These articulated assumptions will serve as the backbone for market validation
exercises like customer interviews, allowing teams to confront their ideas with
real-world insights. Whether questions are confirmed or invalidated, the
learning derived from these interactions is invaluable, informing the necessary
iterations to the hypotheses and leading to closer alignment with the market's
needs.

Ultimately, Steve Blank's approach to hypotheses and the structured methods he
advocates for — detailed in _The Four Steps to the Epiphany_ — are more than
academic exercises. They are practical tools that have reshaped how modern
startups are developed, grown, and scaled. They embody a culture where listening
to the customer, learning from the market, and responding with agility is not
just recommended but necessary for the success and survival in the ever-changing
market landscape.
