---
title: Customer
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Customer Hypotheses

For AirShare, the journey to becoming a staple in the travel industry begins
with an intimate understanding of its customers. The development of hypotheses
around who will use the service and how they will benefit from it defines the
trajectory of a customer-centric service design and experience.

## Types Of Customers

At its core, AirShare sees two primary customer segments: hosts who share their
living space and travelers seeking accommodation. The engagement of these groups
will differ—travelers prioritize a seamless booking process and a pleasant stay,
while hosts focus on listing ease, earning potential, and the security of their
space. Influencers, such as travel bloggers and city guides, and
decision-makers, such as those thinking of short-term rentals as an investment,
have roles in popularizing the platform. Resistance may arise from traditional
lodging providers; AirShare plans to address this through positive community
impact stories and transparent dialogue.

## Customer Problems

Understanding the problems being faced by both travelers and hosts sets the
foundation for innovations that AirShare aims to introduce. Travelers often find
themselves disconnected from the true culture of their destination, a gap
AirShare can bridge with its community-centric stays. For hosts, the service
anticipates leveraging underutilized spaces. AirShare will also need to
substantiate safety and privacy as fixtures for both parties; pilots and
feedback loops are planned for gaining profound insights into these matters.

### Latent Need

Some travelers might not realize what they're missing out on by staying in
impersonal hotels, while some homeowners might not see the financial potential
in their spare rooms. Through marketing campaigns and educational content,
AirShare plans to illuminate these latent needs, promoting the benefits of
unique travel experiences and passive income.

### Active Need

Immediate concerns such as affordability and adaptability in travel plans are
driving the emergence of alternative accommodation concepts. AirShare is
committed to providing a competitive pricing model and flexible booking options.
Interactive platforms for feedback are going to be integral to addressing such
active user needs and continually refining the service.

## A Day In The Life

AirShare's platform fundamentally changes the way hosts and guests manage
accommodations by providing an all-in-one solution for listing properties,
booking stays, and facilitating the exchange of space for services. This not
only simplifies the process for both parties but also adds value by enhancing
their experience as compared to traditional services such as booking.com or
couchsurfing.

### Host Lists a Property

When a host decides to list a property on AirShare, they're engaging in a
multi-faceted process:

1. **Listing Property:** Unlike manually creating listings across various
   platforms like couchsurfing or classified ads, AirShare streamlines this into a
   single, efficient process where hosts upload photos, add descriptions, and set
   house rules all in one place.
1. **Managing Pricing:** Instead of relying on guesswork or manual comparison
   across competitors on sites like booking.com, hosts use AirShare’s dynamic
   pricing tool that leverages market data to set competitive rates.
1. **Managing Bookings:** The host shifts from handling inquiries through email
   or phone as seen with traditional rentals, to a centralized dashboard that
   offers real-time booking management.
1. **Communicating with Guests:** Direct communication through AirShare replaces
   back-and-forth emails or calls, providing a secure and documented thread that’s
   easy to reference.
1. **Receiving Payment:** Instead of managing cash or disparate online payments,
   hosts receive payments directly through AirShare’s platform, ensuring security
   and timely transactions.

### Guest Books Stay

For guests, AirShare provides a cohesive, step-by-step path to securing the
perfect stay:

1. **Searching Listings:** Guests no longer have to browse multiple websites to
   compare options. AirShare offers a comprehensive, searchable database with
   detailed listings, eliminating the need to cross-reference between platforms.
1. **Booking:** The convenience of instant booking on AirShare is a game-changer
   compared to the potentially slower response times or booking processes on
   other platforms like couchsurfing, where confirmations may not be as
   immediate.
1. **Payment:** Offering a secure in-app payment system, AirShare replaces the
   need for cash transactions or separate payment platforms often required by
   traditional booking methods, streamlining the financial aspect of the stay.
1. **Checking In:** Digital check-ins via AirShare introduce a smoother process
   compared to the possible coordination hassles and time spent waiting for
   in-person key exchanges prevalent with some accommodations.
1. **Communicating with Hosts:** In lieu of unsecured emails or texts,
   AirShare's integrated messaging system facilitates clear and reliable
   communication before, during, and after the stay.

The implementation of AirShare’s service effectively introduces new workflows
for both hosts and guests, simplifying processes and enhancing the daily
management of accommodations and travel arrangements, preempting the question,
"Why didn't we do this sooner?"

## Organizational and Customer Influence Map

In the case of AirShare, the influence map extends beyond organizational
structures into the travel community at large. Recognizing how travelers
influence each other through reviews and social media, and how hosts can become
brand ambassadors within their own networks, is key to AirShare's strategy. The
referral and rewards programs are a few of the approaches under consideration to
reinforce these connections.

## ROI (Return On Investment) Justification

AirShare hypothesizes that its service will provide significant value to both
hosts and travelers—not just through direct earnings or savings but also through
intangible benefits like cultural exchange and community building. Calculating
and communicating this ROI will involve collecting and showcasing data on hosts'
earnings, guests' savings compared to traditional lodging, and the broader
economic impact on the communities involved.

## Minimum Feature Set

Determining the minimum viable product includes ensuring a robust yet simple
listing and booking process, secure payment methods, and reliable customer
support mechanisms. Future feature considerations will involve host and guest
education resources, integration with local experiences, and advanced AI to
personalize user experiences. As AirShare evolves, so too will the feature set,
always with the goal of enhancing service and maximizing customer satisfaction.

AirShare's dedication to realizing its hypotheses through persistent evaluation
and iteration lays the groundwork for a service that seeks not just to fulfill
customer needs but to exceed them, fostering a new culture within the travel
industry.
