---
title: Distribution
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Distribution Hypotheses

Determining how AirShare's offering will reach and engage customers is a
multifaceted proposition that encompasses both digital and traditional channels.
The following explores the company's plan for ensuring that their service not
only connects with the target audience but also inspires them to join the
platform.

## Distribution Channels

AirShare is embracing a predominantly digital distribution strategy,
capitalizing on the power and reach of internet-based platforms to connect with
both hosts and travelers. The primary distribution channel will be the AirShare
website and mobile application, which will serve as the nexus for all
transactions and interactions. These direct-to-consumer channels will be
augmented by strategic partnerships with travel influencers and tourism boards
that can funnel potential users to AirShare. The company is exploring the
potential lifetime value of a customer by assessing repeat booking rates and
projecting the extended network effect as hosts draw in new guests and vice
versa.

## Demand Creation

The creation of demand for AirShare is closely tied to how the brand and its
narrative resonate with potential users. It begins with the story of travel, the
allure of exploring the world, and the charm of local experiences. This
narrative is disseminated through a mix of digital content, including travel
blogs, social media campaigns, and strategic partnerships with content creators
who embody the spirit of the modern globetrotter. Advertising efforts will focus
on illustrating the unique benefits of the platform, appealing to both travelers
seeking unique accommodations and homeowners looking for a profitable use for
their properties.

## Creating Customer Demand

Creating a buzz around AirShare's service is monumental for entry into the
market and will leverage a combination of content marketing, search engine
optimization, and targeted advertising to reach the platform's demographic.
Promotional campaigns are planned to run across social media channels, tapping
into communities of travelers and home d√©cor enthusiasts. Collaborations with
travel influencers on platforms like Instagram and YouTube will serve as a
crucial vehicle for showcasing the possibilities of AirShare. The company also
expects to engage in travel expos and events to foster awareness among its
target audience.

## How Customers Hear About Us

AirShare hypothesizes that customer discovery is likely to occur in digital
spaces, where reviews and recommendations carry significant weight. To bolster
this, they plan to engage with:

1. Influential travel bloggers and thought leaders who can authentically share
   the AirShare experience.
1. Travel expos and events where they can directly interact with an audience
   that is already interested in innovative travel solutions.
1. Trusted travel websites and magazines that prospective users turn to for
   inspiration and reviews.
1. Community forums where word of mouth can act as a powerful endorsement tool.

## Influencers

Identifying and engaging with trendsetters in the travel and hospitality spheres
will be imperative for AirShare to establish credibility and attract early
adopters. These influencers will include renowned travel bloggers, well-followed
social media travelers, and respected personalities within the community who can
deliver authentic endorsements reflecting the core values of AirShare. The
company's strategy includes creating an advisory board made up of such
individuals to tap into their insights and forge strong community ties.

Through various distribution channels and the creation of demand, AirShare is
setting itself up to capture a significant market share within the travel
industry. Their well-rounded strategy addresses the holistic customer journey
from discovery to advocacy, focusing on building a community around a new way of
experiencing travel.
