---
title: Market Type
sidebar_position: 5
---

# Market Type Hypotheses

AirShare is introducing a novel concept in the travel industry, creating a new
category within the market that blurs the lines of traditional accommodation. By
bringing local and personal travel experiences to the forefront, AirShare is not
just entering an existing market but resegmenting it, offering alternatives in
areas underserved by conventional lodging options.

## Entering an Existing Market

Initially, AirShare steps into an established playing field, dominated by hotels
and bed and breakfasts, with a unique proposition: stays in personal spaces
offered by local hosts. Its presence in densely populated cities and
neighborhoods where typical hotels lack presence opens new doors for travelers.
The strategic focus is on more than just a room—AirShare aims to reshape the
market with stays that embody local culture and authentic experiences, appealing
to a population seeking more than the traditional hotel can offer.

## Resegmenting an Existing Market

Recognizing a shift in consumer behavior toward peer-to-peer models, especially
among a growing tech-savvy, millennial demographic, AirShare is poised to
capture the trend. By offering a platform that not only facilitates lodging but
also promotes a shared economy ethos, AirShare is resegmenting the market to
align with contemporary values. In cities where tourism is high and hotel rooms
are at a premium, AirShare presents a compelling alternative that lets visitors
delve into the heart of communities, expanding their travel options with unique
and personal accommodations.

## Entering A New Market

AirShare finds itself at the forefront of the burgeoning peer-to-peer sharing
economy, targeting a demographic that already embraces similar models for their
assorted services and needs. This new market is ripe for development, as
AirShare capitalizes on the emerging trend of sharing personal assets, making
strides in lodging where others have in transportation and goods. The strategies
revolve around educating consumers about the manifold benefits this model
offers, building trust in the safety and reliability of peer-to-peer
transactions, and emphasizing the unique experiences each stay can provide.

The intersection where AirShare operates presents a unique blend of
opportunities and challenges. It takes a familiar concept and repackages it in a
way that speaks directly to consumers looking for more connectivity in their
transactions—both technological and personal. As AirShare contends with
well-established yet distinct competitors, its goal is to engage a demographic
that is eager to experiment with new ways of accessing goods and services,
offering them not just a place to stay but a story to tell—a personal experience
with every check-in.
